Update 02_1946-09-19.qmd (#7)
sjspielman/sam-kasten: chapters/02_1946-09-19.qmd

::::

> And on the other hand if, God forbid, business went poorly and people had to endure the landowner's caprices, they really needed to go to the rabbi, pour out their bitter heart to him and beg for him to give his blessing and pray that God will help. Also, when something happened in the house and someone in the household was not healthy, the father of the family went to the {{< var rebbe >}} and asked him to grant him a {{< var refua-shlema >}}^[healing]. Believing in God and in them, holy _rebbes_, was connected. Even with the {{< var nigunim >}} that we used to sing at home, during a {{< var simcha >}}^[joyous occasion with religious connotation], or even there or their heartache...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And on the other hand if, God forbid, business went poorly and people had to endure the landowner's caprices, they really needed to go to the rabbi, pour out their bitter heart to him and beg for him to give his blessing and pray that God will help. 

Also, when something struck the household and a family member became ill, {{< var tate >}}, before anything else, went to the {{< var rebbe >}} and asked him to grant him {{< var refua-shlema >}}^[healing]. Believing in God and in them, holy _rebbes_, was connected. Even with the {{< var nigunim >}} that we used to sing at home, during a {{< var simcha >}}^[joyous occasion with religious connotation], or just when you had joy in your heart...
```

Reviewer: this was a rough translation overall, fixed it up
